DO NOT search the web at all. Work only with 
code and files. For dead sites use these 
replacements without searching:
Void Scans → Bato.to
Manganato → MangaKakalot  
Flame Scans → ReaperScans
Drake Scans → remove it
Night Scans → remove it
Luminous Scans → remove it
Omega Scans → LeviatanScans
Webtoon → fix headers only
MangaPlus → fix JSON parser only
Now read the rest of this file and execute it.
---
Run python oracle.py --test and check results.
9 out of 12 scrapers are failing silently in 
every run. Fix each broken scraper one by one:

1. Void Scans - HTTP 403 - needs cloudscraper 
   or updated headers or new domain
2. Manganato - timeout - fix URL or increase 
   timeout and add retry
3. MangaPlus - JSON parse error - API response 
   format has changed fix the parser
4. Webtoon - failing - check if URL or selectors 
   changed
5. Flame Scans - failing - check domain and 
   selectors
6. Luminous Scans - failing - check domain and 
   selectors
7. Drake Scans - failing - check if site is 
   still active and fix
8. Night Scans - failing - check domain and 
   selectors
9. Omega Scans - failing - check domain and 
   selectors

For each site actually visit the site URL in 
code, print what response you get, fix selectors 
or URL based on actual response, test each 
scraper after fixing. If site is completely dead 
replace with active alternative. Write all fixes 
directly to files, don't print code in terminal,
show only which files changed and test results.


after u done with this focus on this
AFTER fixing all scrapers also add these 
two major features:

1. SELF-HEALING URLs — when any site returns 
404 or DNS error, automatically find new domain 
by trying redirects, domain variations .com .net 
.org .gg .to and checking MangaDex for updated 
links. If found auto-update scraper and send 
Telegram notification. If not found after 3 tries 
mark site as DEAD in sites_status.json and alert 
me on Telegram.

2. SQLITE MIGRATION — move memory.json and 
watchlist.json to SQLite using SQLAlchemy. Create 
tables for series, watchlist, chapter_history, 
site_status, healing_history. Add new CLI commands:
--history "series name" --site-status --heal "site"
--stats --migrate. Keep all existing commands working.

Update README and bump version to 2.0 in CHANGELOG.
Write everything directly to files, no code in terminal.
